By implementing the measurement update,
you've now completed half of the Kalman filter's iterative cycle.
Let's move on to state prediction next.
Recall that state prediction is the estimation that
takes place after an inevitably uncertain motion.
Since the measurement update and state prediction are an iterative cycle,
it makes sense for us to continue where we left off.
After taking into account the measurement,
the posterior distribution was a Gaussian with a mean of 27.5 and a variance of 2.25.
However, since we've moved onto the state predictions step in the common filter cycle,
this Gaussian is now referred to as the prior belief.
This is the robot's best estimate of its current location.
Next, the robot executes a command.
Move forward 7.5 meters.
The result of this motion is a Gaussian distribution centered
around 7.5 meters with a variance of five meters.
Calculating the new estimate is as easy as
adding the mean of the motion to the mean of the prior,
and similarly, adding the two variances together,
to produce the posterior Gaussian.
Now, it's time for you to implement this in C++.
Please add your code to the state prediction function.
And when you're done, run the code on
an example prior with a mean of 10 and a variance of 4,
and a motion with a mean of 12 and a variance of 4.